---
templateKey: guarantees
language: en
title: guarantees
published: true
redirects: "/"
hero:
  display: true
  type: default
  image: "/img/hero-guarantees.png"
  parallax: true
  title: '<span style="color:white">Guarantees</span>

'
  indicator: true
  halfSize: false
extendedHeading:
  display: false
  img: "/img/icons-schedule.png"
  classname: section-reasons
  title: Our Guarantee Policy
  content: "<p  class=\"dv-subtitle text-left\"> Often, many patients overlook the
    issue of guarantees when deciding which dental clinic to choose and, in our discretion,
    it is undoubtedly one of the most important factors that differentiates one center
    from another.</p>\n <br> \n<p class=\"dv-subtitle text-left\"p> DENTAL VIP can
    offer you the best guarantee of any Dental Clinic in Caracas because we trust
    in the high level of our work, the quality of the materials we use and the precision
    of the dental technicians who labor in our prosthetic laboratory.</p> <br>  <p
    class=\"dv-subtitle text-left\"p> If one of our guaranteed treatments fails structurally,
    it will be replaced free of charge for you by our Dentists, of course, under the
    terms and conditions detailed further down. This gives you that peace of mind
    that if anything is to happen, we will be here to solve it!</p>\n"
bannerFooter:
  body: '<p  class="title text-left"> Are You in Search of Treatments Highly Specialized?</p>
    <p  class="subtitle text-left"> VISIT US IN CARACAS <b>WE CAN HELP YOU!</b> </p>

'
  img: "/img/icon-travel.png"

---
<div class="green message"> In the case of retreatment in a foreign patient, we will cover the costs of accommodation, but not those of transfer or airfare </div> <p> Below is an overview of the guarantee times for the different types of dental solutions we offer: </p> <br> <div class="percentaje"> <div class="progress-bar"> <span class="progress-bar-fill" style="width: 17%;"></span> </div> <div class="title">REPAIRS</div> <div class="time">6 months</div> </div> <div class="percentaje"> <div class="progress-bar"> <span class="progress-bar-fill" style="width: 34%;"></span> </div> <div class="title">FILLINGS</div> <div class="time">1 year</div> </div> <div class="percentaje"> <div class="progress-bar"> <span class="progress-bar-fill" style="width: 68%;"></span> </div> <div class="title">REMOVABLE SOLUTIONS</div> <div class="time">2 years</div> </div> <div class="percentaje"> <div class="progress-bar"> <span class="progress-bar-fill" style="width: 68%;"></span> </div> <div class="title">PORCELAIN VENEERS</div> <div class="time">2 years</div> </div> <div class="percentaje"> <div class="progress-bar"> <span class="progress-bar-fill" style="width: 68%;"></span> </div> <div class="title">FIXED SOLUTIONS</div> <div class="time">2 years</div> </div> <div class="percentaje"> <div class="progress-bar"> <span class="progress-bar-fill" style="width: 100%;"></span> </div> <div class="title">DENTAL IMPLANTS <i>(ZIMMER BIOMET)</i></div> <div class="time">3 years</div> </div> <br> <p> The main requirement to enforce the warranty right in cases of dental implants, fixed prosthodontics and porcelain veneers is the constant use of the night splint supplied at the end of the treatment. For this purpose, it must be presented upon arrival for its evaluation and to verify, according to its degree of natural wear, the correct use of it. No guarantee will be valid if the device is not presented, if it is not adjusted correctly due to lack of use or if a splint other than that made by our Specialists is detected. </p> <p> Another requisite for the guarantee to be valid is to attend an annual check-up and professional dental cleaning. Although you can have your regular checkups in your home country, to maintain the guarantee, you must send us an email with the bill of the treatment, a complete set of intraoral photographs and a panoramic x-ray to be archived in your file and be aware of your clinic condition. The timelessness in the execution of this requirement or in the reception of said records will automatically cancel any responsibility in terms of guarantee. </p> <p> Circumstances that can endanger the longevity of dental work are mainly chronic diseases, bad habits and oral hygiene deficiencies. In these cases, two annual checkups are obligatory for the guarantee to be valid, and one of them has to be done at our clinic. With some specific risk factors we cannot offer any type of guarantee, but we will always inform you of this beforehand. </p> <div class="message red"> Excluding risk factors: <ul> <li>Immune or degenerative pathologies</li> <li>Accidents and severe trauma</li> <li>Systemic diseases that have a detrimental effect on the body such as uncontrolled diabetes, epilepsy, osteoporosis and acquired immunodeficiency syndrome <i>(AIDS)</i>; among others</li> <li>Radio and chemotherapy</li> <li>Heavy smoking</li> </ul> </div> <p> The guarantee is invalidated if the patient or a third party modifies, without our express authorization, the prosthesis or the dental work performed. Similarly, plastic and acrylic parts, temporary solutions, extensions and coatings are not covered; as well as no future endodontics or pulp inflammation treatment. </p> <p> Occasionally, the teeth suffer trauma during the preparation of crowns and bridges, and that subsequently, merit root canal treatments. As such circumstance is unpredictable in the vast majority of cases, DENTAL VIP cannot be held responsible for any endodontic pathology that is not evident at the time of the initial consultation and diagnosis. </p> <p> Any expense or amount incurred in another dental clinic, such as the final cementation of a definitive fixed prosthesis, is beyond the coverage of this guarantee policy. </p> <p> Although if any complication or unforeseen occurs we will always seek conciliation as the preferred procedure to agree and resolve any dispute or clinical situation, we reserve the right to submit the treatment provided to the evaluation of independent professional experts, of course, only in those cases of doubt or disagreement in terms of guarantees. </p> <h4> What does the guarantee include? </h4> <p> Although we would love to be able to guarantee our treatments for a lifetime, it is truly impossible and somewhat utopian, since the length of time of any dental rehabilitation will depend on a large number of factors totally unrelated to our work:the genetics and innate predisposition to certain pathological states, the eating habits, the present and future general health status, the appearance, development and evolution of systemic, bone, hormonal, degenerative, neoplastic or mental diseases; among others, the osteoporosis and associated intake of bisphosphonates in women, the consumption of drugs and other medications, the exposure to radiation, the suffering from strokes and facial trauma, the development of bruxism and other parafunctional habits, the true knowledge, mastery, skill and execution of the different oral hygiene techniques, the frequency of brushing, the constant use of the interdental brush and dental floss, the regular use of the occlusal splint and the attendance to scheduled periodic check-ups; are all conditions and activities only inherent the patient, and therefore, under his absolute responsibility. </p> <p> So dental guarantees can only cover the costs <i>(partial or total)</i> of redo a treatment when it is necessary to repeat it, within a reasonable period of time, due to factors inherent to the professional and/or to the biomaterials used that directly prove failures of diagnosis, planning, execution and quality of care provided. </p> <p> DENTAL VIP offers a very sincere and patient friendly guarantee policy. In case you have to make it effective and reside outside of Venezuela, we will organize your trip in the usual conditions and we will cover the following: </p> <ul class="check-list"> <li> <i class="icon-check circle"></i> Flight booking </li> <li> <i class="icon-check circle"></i> Hotel booking </li> <li> <i class="icon-check circle"></i> Airport pick-up and drop off </li> <li> <i class="icon-check circle"></i> Accommodation up to a maximum of 7 nights </li> <li> <i class="icon-check circle"></i> Cost-free dental retreatment </li> </ul> <h4> How is the procedure performed? </h4> <p> In the case of any unforeseen, you should immediately go to the consultation if you live in the city, or if not, send photos and a brief description of the problem through our contact forms. If it is necessary to return to Caracas, we will examine your medical history and the images provided to try to determine why the failure occurred, plan the retreatment and make effective, if applicable, the guarantee policy already described. </p>