---
templateKey: legal-page
language: en
title: Legal Notice
redirects: "/aviso-legal"
published: true

---
<div class="dv-legal-advise container-fluid dv-main-menu"> <h1 class="dv-page-titles text-left">LEGAL NOTICE</h1> <h3 class="dv-page-titles text-left">Identifying data</h3> <div class="paragraph-group"> <p> You are visiting the website <a href="/en" class="dv-link-green">https://www.dentalvip.com.ve/en</a> owned by DENTAL VIP, Especialidades Odontológicas s.c. <i>(hereinafter, THE OWNER)</i>, with registered office at Multicentro Empresarial del Este, Miranda Tower, Nucleus A, 14th Floor, Office 143-A, Chacao, Caracas, Venezuela. Registered at the Public Registry of the Municipality of Chacao on 09/14/2012, under number 45, folio 366 and volume 42 of the protocol for 2012. </p> <br /> <p> You can contact THE OWNER by any of the following means:<br />Phones: +58 <i>(212)</i> 261.5251 / 3732 / 3331<br />Email: <a href="mailto:contacto@dentalvip.com.ve" class="dv-link-green" >contacto@dentalvip.com.ve</a > </p> </div> <h3 class="dv-page-titles text-left">Web hosting</h3> <div class="paragraph-group"> <p> Netlify, Inc., All-in-One Platform for Automating Modern Web Projects.<br />Address: 2325 3rd Street, Suite 215, San Francisco, California 94107, EE. UU.<br />Phones: not available.<br />Email address: <a href="mailto:support@netlify.com" class="dv-link-green">support@netlify.com</a ><br />Website: <a rel="noopener noreferrer" target="_blank" class="dv-link-green" href="[https://www.netlify.com/](https://www.netlify.com/ "https://www.netlify.com/")" >[https://www.netlify.com/](https://www.netlify.com/ "https://www.netlify.com/")</a > </p> </div> <h3 class="dv-page-titles text-left">General users</h3> <div class="paragraph-group"> <p> These conditions <i>(hereinafter, Legal Notice)</i> are intended to regulate the use of the website that THE OWNER makes available to the general public. </p> <br /> <p> The access and/or use of this website attributes the condition of USER, who accepts, from said access and/or use, the general conditions reflected here. The aforementioned conditions will be universally applicable and mandatory compliance. </p> </div> <h3 class="dv-page-titles text-left">Portal use</h3> <div class="paragraph-group"> <p> <a class="dv-link-green" href="/en/">https://www.dentalvip.com.ve/en</a> provides access to a multitude of information, services, programs or data <i>(hereinafter, “the contents”)</i> on the internet belonging to THE OWNER or its licensors to which the USER may have access. </p> <br /> <p> THE USER assumes responsibility for the use of the portal. This responsibility extends to the registration that is necessary to access certain services or contents. In said registry, THE USER will be responsible for providing truthful and lawful information. As a result of this registration, THE USER could be provided with a password for which he will be responsible, committing himself to make diligent and confidential use of it. </p> <br /> <p> THE USER undertakes to make appropriate use of the contents and services that THE OWNER offers through its portal and with an enunciative but not limiting nature, not to use them to: </p> <br /> <ul> <li> To fall into illegal activities or contrary to good faith and public order. </li> <br /> <li> Disseminate content or propaganda racist, xenophobic, pornographic, of apology of terrorism or that attempts against human rights. </li> <br /> <li> Causing damage to the physical and logical systems of DENTAL VIP, Especialidades Odontológicas s.c., its suppliers or third parties, introducing or spreading computer viruses or any other physical or logical systems that are likely to cause the aforementioned damages. </li> <br /> <li> Try to access and use the email accounts of other users, modify or manipulate their messages. </li> <br /> <li> Use the website or the information contained therein for commercial, political, advertising or for any other one, above all the sending of unsolicited emails. </li> </ul> <p> THE OWNER reserves the right to withdraw all comments and contributions that violate respect for the dignity of the person, that are discriminatory, xenophobic, racist, pornographic, that threaten youth or childhood, order or public safety or that, in his opinion; they are not suitable for publication. In any case, THE OWNER will not be responsible for the opinions expressed by users through forums, chats, social networks or other digital participation tools. </p> </div> <h3 class="dv-page-titles text-left">Data protection</h3> <div class="paragraph-group"> <p> Everything related to the data protection policy is contained in the <a rel="noopener noreferrer" target="_blank" href="/en/privacy-policy/" class="dv-link-green">Privacy Policy document.</a>

</p> </div> <h3 class="dv-page-titles text-left"> Contents. Intellectual and industrial property </h3> <div class="paragraph-group"> <p> THE OWNER owns all the intellectual and industrial property rights of his website, as well as the elements contained therein <i>(images, photographs, sound, audio, video, software or texts, brands or logos, color combinations, structure and design, selection of materials used, codes, computer programs necessary for its operation, access and use; among others)</i> . </p> <br /> <p> All rights reserved. This website is protected by copyright, trademarks, service marks, patents and other property rights; in addition to those derived from current laws. Unauthorized use of any copyrighted material, trademarks or any other intellectual property without the express written consent of the owner, is strictly prohibited. </p> </div> <h3 class="dv-page-titles text-left"> Exclusion of guarantees and responsibility </h3> <div class="paragraph-group"> <p> THE USER acknowledges that the use of the website, its contents and services is carried out under its sole responsibility. Specifically, merely by way of example, THE OWNER assumes no responsibility in the following areas: </p> <br /> <ol> <li> The availability of the operation of the website, its services, contents and its quality or interoperability. </li> <br /> <li> The purpose for which the website serves the objectives of THE USER. </li> <br /> <li> The infringement of the current legislation by THE USER or third parties and, in particular, of the intellectual and industrial property rights that are owned by other persons or entities. </li> <br /> <li> The existence of malicious codes or any other harmful computer element that could be caused by THE USER or third-party computer system. It is up to THE USER, in any case, to have adequate tools for the detection and disinfection of these elements. </li> <br /> <li> Fraudulent access to the contents or services by unauthorized third parties, or, when appropriate; the capture, elimination, alteration, modification or manipulation of messages and communications of any kind that said third parties could make. </li> <br /> <li> The correctness, veracity, topicality and usefulness of the content and services offered, and the subsequent use made of them by THE USER. THE OWNER will use all reasonable efforts and means to provide updated and reliable information. </li> <br /> <li> Damage to computer equipments during access to the website and damage to USERS when they originate from failures or disconnections in telecommunications networks that interrupt the service. </li> <br /> <li> Damages or losses arising from circumstances that occur due to a fortuitous event or force majeure. </li> </ol> <p>In case there are forums, in the use of the same or other similar spaces, it should be taken into account that the messages reflect only the opinion of THE USER who sends them, which is solely responsible. THE OWNER is not responsible for the content of the messages sent by THE USER. </p> </div> <h3 class="dv-page-titles text-left"> Modification of this legal notice and duration </h3> <div class="paragraph-group"> <p> THE OWNER reserves the right to make, without prior notice, the modifications it deems appropriate in its portal, being able to change, delete or add as many contents and services that are provided through it, such as the way in which they are represented or located in his portal. </p> <br /> <p> The validity of the aforementioned conditions will be based on their exposure and will be valid until they are modified by others duly published. </p> </div> <h3 class="dv-page-titles text-left">Links</h3> <div class="paragraph-group"> <p> In the event that links or hyperlinks to other internet sites are included in <a href="/en" class="dv-link-green">https://www.dentalvip.com.ve/en</a> THE OWNER will not exercise any control over said sites and contents. In no case, THE OWNER will assume any responsibility for the contents of any link belonging to a third-party website, nor will it guarantee the technical availability, quality, reliability, accuracy, breadth, veracity, validity and constitutionality of any matter or information contained in any of such hyperlinks and other internet sites. Similarly, the inclusion of these external connections will not imply any type of association, merger or participation with the connected entities. </p> </div> <h3 class="dv-page-titles text-left">Exclusion rights</h3> <div class="paragraph-group"> <p> THE OWNER reserves the right to deny or withdraw access to the portal and/or the services offered without prior warning, at its own request or from a third party, to those users who breach the content of this Legal Notice. </p> </div> <h3 class="dv-page-titles text-left">Generalities</h3> <div class="paragraph-group"> <p> THE OWNER will pursue the breach of these conditions as well as any improper use of his portal exercising all civil and criminal actions that may correspond by law. </p> </div> <h3 class="dv-page-titles text-left">Applicable law and jurisdiction</h3> <div class="paragraph-group"> <p> The relationship between THE OWNER and THE USER will be governed by current Venezuelan regulations. All disputes and claims arising from this Legal Notice will be resolved by Venezuelan courts and tribunals. </p> </div> <h3 class="dv-page-titles text-left">Minor users</h3> <div class="paragraph-group"> <p> <a href="/en" class="dv-link-green">https://www.dentalvip.com.ve/en</a> directs its services to users over 18 years old. People under this age are not authorized to use our services and should not, therefore, send us their personal data. We inform you that if such circumstance occurs, DENTAL VIP, Especialidades Odontológicas s.c. is not responsible for the possible consequences that could be derived from the breach of the notice that this clause establishes. </p> </div> </div>